# Antenatal-Speech
Developing Nigeria Languages Multilingual Speech Datasets Resources for Antenatal Orientation
## Description of English Language Antenatal Orientation Dataset
The dataset was prepared in order to promote under-resourced languages in Nigeria and enhance healthcare delivery through Natural Language Processing (NLP) with respect to text and speech resources. The antenatal orientation English Language Dataset was prepared being the official language in Nigeria, it comprises healthcare/pregnancy orientation given to the pregnant women during antenatal clinic, this includes the signs and symptoms of pregnancy and its developmental stages, types of meal required, healthcare challenges prospective steps to overcome them. The text version is 2639 words counts and the speech version 15.6 kb recorded in 59880 minutes. The dataset is suitable for classification, speech recognitions and other related NLP, multilingual, machine translation and computational linguistics tasks. 

## Description of Yorùbá Language Antenatal Orientation Dataset
The dataset was prepared in order to promote under-resourced languages in Nigeria and enhance healthcare delivery through Natural Language Processing (NLP) with respect to text and speech resources. The antenatal orientation Yorùbá Language Dataset was prepared being one of the popular native languages in Nigeria and it was prepared in Yorùbá Ọ̀yọ́. It comprises healthcare/pregnancy orientation given to the pregnant women during antenatal clinic, this includes the signs and symptoms of pregnancy and its developmental stages, types of meal required, healthcare challenges prospective steps to overcome them. The text version is 3202 words counts and the speech version is 17.9 kb recorded in 70380 minutes.  The dataset is annotated Yorùbá language dataset and it suitable for classification, speech recognitions and other related NLP, multilingual, machine translation, and computational linguistics tasks. 

## Description of Pigin Language Antenatal Orientation Dataset
The dataset was prepared in order to promote under-resourced languages in Nigeria and enhance healthcare delivery through Natural Language Processing (NLP) with respect to text and speech resources. The antenatal orientation English-Pigin Language also known as NAIJA. Dataset was prepared being one of the popular languages in Nigeria. It comprises healthcare/pregnancy orientation given to the pregnant women during antenatal clinic, this includes the signs and symptoms of pregnancy and its developmental stages, types of meal required, healthcare challenges prospective steps to overcome them. The text version is 2521 words counts and the speech version is 18.3 kb recorded in 69840 minutes.  The English Pigin Language dataset is suitable for classification, speech recognitions and other related NLP, multilingual, machine translation and computational linguistics tasks. 

## Cite this dataset : 
Ajagbe S. A. (2024) Developing Nigeria Multilingual Languages Speech Datasets for Antenatal Orientation, _6th International Workshop on Data Engineering and Analytics (WDEA)2024_
